Well, I'm Dustin
- Dee, Destin
- Dustin, Destin
- Destin.
- I was injured
- Well, I've been hit
- (Laughter) Well, you have this agreement
We are with Don Bett
- Have you thought of changing your name to something easier to pronounce
- Just remember the cabin, there is quite a Dostani compartment
- Well, hello I'm Dustin, welcome again in "Smarter Every Day".
Lots of pictures you see from the ISS
Pick up from the cobla
From the inside here, right?
The cobla lies on node 3, is it true?
- Node 3.
- Node 3. Well, this is the astronaut without bitt
You may know this man
I've been tracking cities and many things like that
- Yes, I have filmed cities at night
The colors of the Aurora, the nighttime, and temporal images of the Earth (Time Labs technology)
Lots of pictures you see picked up from this cabin
When you are responsible for taking pictures.
- is a professional photography that does not make him dust
You are the undisputed professional in photography from space, right
Can you say that? Say I'm a professional who does not have any dust?
- I can not say that because I am really ashamed
- I will meet you on the other side, well the truth is the best undisputed
All the amazing lights of the Aurora Aurora are the ones he took
(موسيقى) Translation by حيان داؤد hyyanato @
- Now this is the cover
- We call it a shutter, it protects the window from small rocks when closed
Windows are protected
The windows are thermally isolated from the radiation environment
- Can you close these things from the outside?
- No, you can close it and open it from the inside.
- Well wait, inside there is a handle you run
- Yes to handle the handle
- which in turn
- Open
- From outside
- How do you do this and keep the pressure constant between them?
- Using lashes (loop sealing).
- No, not less!
- With circular closing valve
All sealants in windows and gates are of ring type
- Yes, but how ... uh my mind ..
- Let's go in and see her.
Pay attention to your head.
- You have here a complete set of sealing rings
And the axis you rotate
- Well, how many of these are in the space station?
- Seven, because we have seven windows.
- What happens if there is a leak?
- mmm, then you will have a leak.
- Only leakage and loss of air.
- What you could possibly do was shut the entire cabin
Maybe there is a plan I do not know exactly what
But perhaps there is a plan to switch the mechanism
May require work from outside the space station (search for space EVA)
- Well, my question is how can you move the lid off the space station using something mechanical from the inside
Without losing or changing air pressure
- so called good real engineering.
- Well, you heard Don Bett
He said, It needs a good engineer to design something like this
She was told that the man had resigned from the space program
He owns a shop to cut off motorcycles
Is Charlie here? Is it upstairs?
- Who will you interview right?
"That's right, I'll have an interview."
What is called this place?
- Pet Bull Products.
- Products of BOTT BOL?
- Yeah.
- Are you Charlie?
- Hi, I'm Dustin
This is Charlie Van Falkenberg
He studied industrial engineering at the University of Auburn
He obtained many patents
20 years ago, he was the chief architect of the design of the Kobla windows
After the project ended, he resigned and began his own work
Now he is making this
It is a special pedestal to raise the wheels to allow people to work on them
He is so modest about his skills that no one who works with him knows what he did to the space station
Which was called upon by Charlie and his team to free the space station
It is a beautiful name by the way
The program was turned into the ISS program, and Charlie's drawings were handed over to the Italian Space Agency
So that the Taliban can carry it out
Charlie kept a full copy of the drawings
That's because every good engineer knows that maybe he has to come back someday because he may have done it
We talked about the knobs, and looked at the slanting gears
We talked about assembling parts and covers
Well, we've identified what can be the most important element of this graphics package
This is the inner axis
You can see here two cavities
These two cavities diameter 0.002 inches
The reason behind this is that the interface between the inside of the cavity
And the outer wall that presses the circular ring
It must be controlled, because you will take the circular ring and press it to become oval
Is this true Charlie?
- That's true.
- There is another detail about the cavities of circular rings, right?
- True, these are dynamic cavities (transient)
These are the truth of what is being recycled
- Have you heard what he just said?
He said dynamic circular rings
This means that there is a pivot going through.
Actually ring the circular ring
And you have the air you breathe as an astronaut, right?
It is confined inside the cabin using these poor little rings
This is amazing!
Well, this design I've been doing for 20 years still works today smoothly and ideally
What makes you feel that?
- I wish it was smooth and perfect (Laughter)
- I was sitting here a few months ago and I posted something on Twitter
She noted that he had won the admiration of an astronaut in orbit
I lost my mind!
But if you think about it, that makes sense
These astronauts develop their skills and intelligence every day through the scientific experiments they run away from Earth for Earth
That's really amazing
After all, I decided to take the opportunity
- Are you sure that Italy has implemented and built the design, I did not know that.
- Do not you know that?
- I did not follow the news after I left, no.
- Well mmm ... The Italian astronaut talked to us about how they built and worked.
- Hello.
Welcome to the Cobla at the International Space Station
In the Kobla, there are seven windows
Each window has its own shutter
And "smartest every day" that I have communicated with on Twitter.
He asked me to explain the mechanism for opening and closing window covers
Maybe because I'm Italian, the coppola was built in Italy
So here we go, it's very easy
Each handle window looks like this
And rotate it towards the closure of course, if you want to close the window
As you can see the lid is approaching
Or shutter
When it reaches the end, to put the closure
You should be careful because there are no bumpers
It does not want to close quickly and hit the cabin's structure hard
It is a direct mechanical connection
The covers can only be operated manually
And it is nice to think of this axis, which crosses through
The structure of the cabin to reach outer space
The grip of the handle is slightly cool, the metal part just not too cold
Once again, when you approach the cabin structure, be careful not to hit it hard
Well these are
Very easy
I am the European astronaut Samantha Christoforte aboard the International Space Station
You are the "smartest every day".
have a good day
- She said the end of the "smartest everyday" of the usual space!
It's a crazy thing!
Follow these people Twitter
Follow all the astronauts on Twitter
They take pictures of the Kobla daily and send it via Twitter to your mobile directly
What prevents you from following them?
What was the name of the astronaut?
- Samantha
- That's true. So go and follow them on Twitter
Great things happen when you follow them on Twitter
Would you like to add anything?
- Smarter every day! (Laughter)
- My Father
- What?
- I love you
- I love you too. Good day
They have sealed off from outer space
There is no need to do so
If you feel that you deserve to be impressed, please click on these episodes to register
Thank you very much
Are you excited about the space theme?
- Yeah.
- What are these things called? Did you know?
- Pressure Lock Rings (Lashes)
- That's true. Translating hyan daoed hyyanato @